add did context definition (#2)
KILTprotocol/spec-kilt-did: README.md

> The validity and authenticity of the information stored on the KILT blockchain are guaranteed by the same blockchain, which verifies that all DID management operations other than creation are signed by the DID authentication key, as described in the section relative to each operation.

#### Representation of Public Key Types on the DID Document

Currently the use of four different types of public keys as [Verification Methods](https://w3c.github.io/did-core/#verification-methods) are supported by a full DID; light DIDs support a subset of these (see [Light DIDs](#light-dids) section for details).

> Keys type is indicated in form of an enum for both full DIDs and light DIDs.

Reviewer: Key types or perhaps key's type?

Author: I think I wanted to write "Key type". But key's type also works if we put it that way:
```suggestion
A key's type is indicated in form of an enum for both full DIDs and light DIDs.
```

Reviewer: Yeah this sounds better.

By reference implementations of a DID resolver compliant with the specification, keys are represented as follows on the DID document.

> Conforming with [DID specifications](https://w3c.github.io/did-core/#verification-methods) these Verification Methods are JSON objects containing the properties `id`, `type`, and `controller`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conforming with [DID specifications](https://w3c.github.io/did-core/#verification-methods) these Verification Methods are JSON objects containing at least the properties `id`, `type`, and `controller`.
```

Author: You want to double down on 'contain' to make it clear that other properties may be present as well? I'd use "at minimum" then?

Reviewer: It's all about context definition. So the DID spec specified what are the mandatory properties, but each DID provider could add more. Not sure what the best wording is, but you grasped by intention.

Author: Reformulated in be6cd97a0fd31f4a8bf03749024d02fad58c8578

> All Verification Methods on a DID Document returned from these resolvers have an additional property `publicKeyBase58` containing the public key material in base58 encoding using the bitcoin alphabet.  

Reviewer: I am not sure I fully understand the meaning of this sentence. Does it say that all public keys are resolved with their base58 representation? If that is the case, it is not true since they could use alternative representation formats such as JWK.

Reviewer: If, on the other hand, it refers to our resolver, then it makes sense.

Author: It refers to our (reference) implementation, which returns keys base58 encoded. Hope that's reasonably clear?

Reviewer: Unfortunately I do not think it is, as far as I have understood. It seems to be referring to resolvers in general, not to resolvers compliant with the KILT DID method.

Author: I can see it is confusing... it's really hard for me to express this right, which comes from me trying to avoid making the key representation part of the spec (which would mean that we require all implementations to represent them this way). But this way it's these descriptions essentially document some (reference) implementation and thus do not really seem to fit here.

Author: I changed the tone of the section to be a recommendation for resolver implementers which reference implementations also adhere to (be6cd97a0fd31f4a8bf03749024d02fad58c8578). Does that read better?

Reviewer: Yes.
